- Stored XSS happens when user input is stored on a server and retrieved unsafely. 
	- When an application accepts user input without validation, stores it in its servers, and then renders it on users’ browsers without sanitization, malicious JavaScript code can make its way into the database and then to victims’ browsers
	- Stored XSS tends to be the most dangerous because attackers can attack many victims with a single payload.

- Stored XSS is the most severe XSS type, 
	- Sometimes during a stored-XSS attack, all the user has to do to become a victim is to view a page with the payload embedded, whereas reflected and DOM XSS usually require the user to click a malicious link. Finally, self-XSS requires a lot of social engineering to succeed.

- During a stored XSS attack,
	- attackers manage to permanently save their malicious scripts on the target application’s servers for others to access. Perhaps they’re able to inject the script in the application’s user database. Or maybe they get it in the server logs, on a message board, or in comment field. Every time users access the stored information, the XSS executes in their browser

- **example**, let’s say a comment field on an internet forum is vulnerable to XSS. 
	When a user submits a comment to a blog post, that user input is not validated or sanitized in any way before it gets rendered to anyone who views that blog post
	- If submitted, this message would become embedded on the forum page’s HTML code, and the page would be displayed to all the visitors who view that
		<script>alert('XSS by El5ateb');</script> located in the </p> tags as a script, not as regular text. You should notice a pop-up window that reads XSS by El5ateb. 
		Every time a user views the comment on the forum, their browser will execute the embedded JavaScript
---

### Blind XSS
- Blind XSS vulnerabilities are stored XSS vulnerabilities whose malicious input is stored by the server and executed in another part of the application or in another part that you cannot see. 

- **example**, let’s say website allows you to send a message to support staff. 
	- When a user submits a message, that input is not validated or sanitized in any way before it gets rendered to the site’s admin page. attacker can submit a message with JavaScript code and have that code executed by any admin who views that message.

- These XSS flaws are harder to detect, 
	- since you can’t find them by looking for reflected input in the server’s response, but they can be just as **dangerous** as regular stored XSS vulnerabilities. Often, blind XSS can be used to attack administrators, exfiltrate their data, and compromise their accounts.